the ones you mainly want to focus on when you're talking about, like a
choice that can really, um, disperse you out to many different places
is number one, your family. If you have ah, wife or husband back
home, um, it's gonna really uplift their career. You have to make sure
that the thing that you're trying to do doesn't conflict with their
own personal job. Um, with your kids, uh, they tend to be a little
bit more flexible, but make sure that you're not disrupting their
life too much. You know, they have a career that they're trying thio
to make for themselves, you know, as far as like, their school and
their grades. Maybe they don't wanna, like, go to another school just
yet. Ah, lot of people. And you might think that that's trivial. But
I found especially in Japan Ah, lot of people, like, stay at a certain
place or extend their careers even longer based on their kids
finishing school at a specific high school. Um and yeah. So make sure
you put your family number one, uh number two. You want thio? Talk
to people in the in your chain of command who might have experience
with the place that you're going. One place I was considering going
was, um, going to be thio the ship a submarine tender in Italy. Now
I was told that it was gonna be in Guam, and I was prepared toe like,
go to that place. But they actually, like, changed their spot and
they were in Italy at the time, or it might have been vice versa. And
so you think that you might be going toe certain ship, but in reality,
you don't know what's actually happening. You don't know the mission
of that ship. You don't know the type of job that you're doing
on that ship. So the more information that you get from online from
other people who have been on the ships from your supervisors, the
better and more informed. Um um, answer that you could give yourself
to make sure that it's the right decision for you